https://www.nngroup.com/articles/task-scenarios-usability-testing/ 

Questions that might help us out:

What is causing our users to have trouble when interfacing with our 
visualizations?

What is the percentage of tasks that users complete correctly?
What goals do you want accomplished when someone uses your visualization? 
(This will be answered in our own blocks down below)

What are the most important things that every user must be able to 
accomplish on the site? (A good example in the article above)

Is the scenario realistic and typical for how people normally interact 
with visualizations?

Does the task scenario encourage the user to interact with the visual?

Does the task give away the answers or introduce heavy bias?


Recommendations

- Instead of telling users to do a task with little to no explanation, 
  create a small scenario that incites an action and context for that action
	- Maybe something along the lines of telling a user about coffee production 
	  in certain areas and what we are looking for in a business.
	- Does our visualization help us solve that problem?
- Task Scenario: the action that you ask the participant to take on the 
  tested interface
	- Ex. You’re planning a vacation to NY in two months, you need to buy 
	  airfare and a hotel. Go to Expedia and Hotels.com and see who has the best 
	  deals.
- DON’T OVER FORCE A USER TO INTERACT WITH A FEATURE, WE WANT TO SEE HOW 
  THEY INTERACT WITH THE INTERFACE
- The following three tips are important!
	- Make the Task Realistic
		- Give them liberty to explore the visualization to accomplish the task but 
		  still keep the objective straight forward
	- Make the Task Actionable
		- Do: Tell them to do an action X.
		- Don’t: Ask them, how would you do action X? 
	- Avoid Giving Clues and Describing the Steps
		- Step descriptions contain clues
		- Tasks that include terms in the interface introduce bias
		- Make them dive into the visual to complete a task

Evaluation Metrics
What are your evaluation metrics for your own personal models? 
Daniel
<Metric 1>
<Metric 2>
<Metric 3>
Nora
<Metric 1>
<Metric 2>
<Metric 3>
Alyssa
Find the country with high flavor scores (>7) and high aroma (>7)
Find which processing method is used in different regions
Find qualities (body score, aroma score, etc.) in country with lowest 
flavor score
Find how many bags were produced in the US with a flavor score over 7

Include a few debriefing questions at the end as well.

By Tuesday Night: Evaluation Metrics complete, links to visualizations, 
debriefing questions complete (ready for interviews)
By Saturday: Interviews completed + meet to complete study, 2 pm PT/ 5pm 
ET
Sunday: Usability Study due

